= Redmine-Plugin: XML-Task-Importer MS Project
== Requirements 
Redmine 2.x, 3.x

== What you get:
The plugin creates one root-ticket (task) into te current project, which holds the other (sub)tasks as subtickets.

Right now the plugin only imports tasks from the XML-file. If the resources are persons it tries to match them with registered redmine users. If no matching user is found, a warning is produced, but the import is still possible – in this case the resulting ticket will not have an owner.

== What is imported: 
Task.Name, start_date, finish_date, create_date, duration, done_ratio, priority, predecessor, notes


== Installation
1) go to `{REDMINE_ROOT}/plugin` directory.

2) Intall:
  git clone https://github.com/braini75/msproject_import.git
3) Restart the redmine service. E.g. 
  service apache2 restart
4) enjoy!


== Usage
To use this Plugin you have to enable the module (Project -> Settings -> Modules) in your project.

1. Export your MS Project data to XML
2. access a redmine project, then click "MS Project Import" tab (Make sure you gave permission to the current user).
3. select xml file, and click "Analyze" button
4. If there is any warning, make sure you create and assign missing users to you project and start over
5. Finally run the import by pressing the "Import"-Button.

== Configuration:
You can setup permission for "Msproject import"  with the Administration->"Roles and permissions" page. 
You can change the default tracker at the plugin configuration page.
